>> Steve Kinney: All right, so your
exercise, we have a card exercise branch
that we'll start where, we just need
to finish wiring this up, right?
Once we wire it up, we can get to
the point where we can create some items.
And once we have that in place,
that is when our user will
begin to change some state.
And since the user can
begin to change state,
we can figure out how to optimize that.
But we just kinda need to
get the rest of it in place.
So your mission, your exercise now is
basically take the same concept we did for
getting a list display and
give it a shot with cards.
And then we'll meet back and
we'll take a look at it.
So what we need to do here is very
similar to what we did just previously.
We're gonna need to create a card reducer,
hook it into our combineReducers, this'll
be the first time we actually really
get to truly take combineReducers for
a spin in earnest.
We'll actually see how
that affects our state.
And then we will swap out the card
component with the card container
component that will be able to
reach into the Redux state,
grab the data that it needs and
be able to display it on the page.